Technical guide: add 'application' chapter (#220)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/technical-guide/pages/common-concepts/application.adoc

Each leaf module (`.dev`, `.image`, `.zip`) contains a `config.properties`, `logback.xml` and possible other resources relevant for the corresponding build/application run.
Dependencies only relevant for a certain build (e.g. development) must only be added in the corresponding module.
Dependencies relevant for all builds should be placed in the `.app` module.

== Bootstrap Class

`org.eclipse.scout.rt.app.Application` is the main class to bootstrap a Scout application.
This is the class started via run configuration in your IDE as well as the one used within the Docker Image (`.app.image`) or the shell scripts within the ZIP build (`.app.zip`).

Besides starting the xref:technical-guide:common-concepts/platform.adoc#sec-app.lifecycle[platform], the main class takes care of running an embedded Jetty application server, so that your application is accessible via browser.

== Servlet (Filter) Contributors

Own servlets or servlet filters are registered by providing an implementation of:

* `org.eclipse.scout.rt.jetty.IServletContributor`
* `org.eclipse.scout.rt.jetty.IServletFilterContributor`

> This is the programmatic equivalent to a registration via `web.xml` as used for Tomcat for example.

Reviewer: Bumpy sentence, maybe a suggestion (but do not even know if the suggestion is the perfect sentence yet):

```suggestion
This is the programmatic equivalent to a registration via `web.xml` which was used in older versions for Tomcat application servers for example.
```

Author: Replaced by:
For .war deployments on an application servers (e.g. Tomcat) a servlet (filter) registration is configured via `web.xml`.
The registration described above is the programmatic equivalent for the Scout application.
